#KPL:P: numLin UCpunct
endash.uc zero.lin
zero.lin endash.uc
endash.uc one.lin
one.lin endash.uc
endash.uc two.lin
two.lin endash.uc
endash.uc three.lin
three.lin endash.uc
endash.uc four.lin
four.lin endash.uc
endash.uc five.lin
five.lin endash.uc
endash.uc six.lin
six.lin endash.uc
endash.uc seven.lin
seven.lin endash.uc
endash.uc eight.lin
eight.lin endash.uc
endash.uc nine.lin
nine.lin endash.uc
parenleft.uc zero.lin
zero.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc one.lin
one.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc two.lin
two.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc three.lin
three.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc four.lin
four.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc five.lin
five.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc six.lin
six.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc seven.lin
seven.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc eight.lin
eight.lin parenright.uc
parenleft.uc nine.lin
nine.lin parenright.uc
braceleft.uc zero.lin
zero.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc one.lin
one.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc two.lin
two.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc three.lin
three.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc four.lin
four.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc five.lin
five.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc six.lin
six.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc seven.lin
seven.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc eight.lin
eight.lin braceright.uc
braceleft.uc nine.lin
nine.lin braceright.uc
guilsinglleft.uc zero.lin
zero.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc zero.lin
zero.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc one.lin
one.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc one.lin
one.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc two.lin
two.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc two.lin
two.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc three.lin
three.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc three.lin
three.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc four.lin
four.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc four.lin
four.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc five.lin
five.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc five.lin
five.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc six.lin
six.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc six.lin
six.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc seven.lin
seven.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc seven.lin
seven.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc eight.lin
eight.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc eight.lin
eight.lin guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc nine.lin
nine.lin guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc nine.lin
nine.lin guilsinglleft.uc
at.uc zero.lin
zero.lin at.uc
at.uc one.lin
one.lin at.uc
at.uc two.lin
two.lin at.uc
at.uc three.lin
three.lin at.uc
at.uc four.lin
four.lin at.uc
at.uc five.lin
five.lin at.uc
at.uc six.lin
six.lin at.uc
at.uc seven.lin
seven.lin at.uc
at.uc eight.lin
eight.lin at.uc
at.uc nine.lin
nine.lin at.uc
exclamdown.uc zero.lin
exclamdown.uc one.lin
exclamdown.uc two.lin
exclamdown.uc three.lin
exclamdown.uc four.lin
exclamdown.uc five.lin
exclamdown.uc six.lin
exclamdown.uc seven.lin
exclamdown.uc eight.lin
exclamdown.uc nine.lin
questiondown.uc zero.lin
questiondown.uc one.lin
questiondown.uc two.lin
questiondown.uc three.lin
questiondown.uc four.lin
questiondown.uc five.lin
questiondown.uc six.lin
questiondown.uc seven.lin
questiondown.uc eight.lin
questiondown.uc nine.lin
plus.lin zero.lin
zero.lin plus.lin
plus.lin one.lin
one.lin plus.lin
plus.lin two.lin
two.lin plus.lin
plus.lin three.lin
three.lin plus.lin
plus.lin four.lin
four.lin plus.lin
plus.lin five.lin
five.lin plus.lin
plus.lin six.lin
six.lin plus.lin
plus.lin seven.lin
seven.lin plus.lin
plus.lin eight.lin
eight.lin plus.lin
plus.lin nine.lin
nine.lin plus.lin
less.lin zero.lin
zero.lin less.lin
less.lin one.lin
one.lin less.lin
less.lin two.lin
two.lin less.lin
less.lin three.lin
three.lin less.lin
less.lin four.lin
four.lin less.lin
less.lin five.lin
five.lin less.lin
less.lin six.lin
six.lin less.lin
less.lin seven.lin
seven.lin less.lin
less.lin eight.lin
eight.lin less.lin
less.lin nine.lin
nine.lin less.lin
equal.lin zero.lin
zero.lin equal.lin
equal.lin one.lin
one.lin equal.lin
equal.lin two.lin
two.lin equal.lin
equal.lin three.lin
three.lin equal.lin
equal.lin four.lin
four.lin equal.lin
equal.lin five.lin
five.lin equal.lin
equal.lin six.lin
six.lin equal.lin
equal.lin seven.lin
seven.lin equal.lin
equal.lin eight.lin
eight.lin equal.lin
equal.lin nine.lin
nine.lin equal.lin
greater.lin zero.lin
zero.lin greater.lin
greater.lin one.lin
one.lin greater.lin
greater.lin two.lin
two.lin greater.lin
greater.lin three.lin
three.lin greater.lin
greater.lin four.lin
four.lin greater.lin
greater.lin five.lin
five.lin greater.lin
greater.lin six.lin
six.lin greater.lin
greater.lin seven.lin
seven.lin greater.lin
greater.lin eight.lin
eight.lin greater.lin
greater.lin nine.lin
nine.lin greater.lin
multiply.lin zero.lin
zero.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin one.lin
one.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin two.lin
two.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin three.lin
three.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin four.lin
four.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin five.lin
five.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin six.lin
six.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin seven.lin
seven.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin eight.lin
eight.lin multiply.lin
multiply.lin nine.lin
nine.lin multiply.lin
divide.lin zero.lin
zero.lin divide.lin
divide.lin one.lin
one.lin divide.lin
divide.lin two.lin
two.lin divide.lin
divide.lin three.lin
three.lin divide.lin
divide.lin four.lin
four.lin divide.lin
divide.lin five.lin
five.lin divide.lin
divide.lin six.lin
six.lin divide.lin
divide.lin seven.lin
seven.lin divide.lin
divide.lin eight.lin
eight.lin divide.lin
divide.lin nine.lin
nine.lin divide.lin
minus.lin zero.lin
zero.lin minus.lin
minus.lin one.lin
one.lin minus.lin
minus.lin two.lin
two.lin minus.lin
minus.lin three.lin
three.lin minus.lin
minus.lin four.lin
four.lin minus.lin
minus.lin five.lin
five.lin minus.lin
minus.lin six.lin
six.lin minus.lin
minus.lin seven.lin
seven.lin minus.lin
minus.lin eight.lin
eight.lin minus.lin
minus.lin nine.lin
nine.lin minus.lin