#KPL:P: num punct dflt proportionalperiod zero.propzero.prop periodperiod one.propone.prop periodperiod two.proptwo.prop periodperiod three.propthree.prop periodperiod four.propfour.prop periodperiod five.propfive.prop periodperiod six.propsix.prop periodperiod seven.propseven.prop periodperiod eight.propeight.prop periodperiod nine.propnine.prop periodcolon zero.propzero.prop coloncolon one.propone.prop coloncolon two.proptwo.prop coloncolon three.propthree.prop coloncolon four.propfour.prop coloncolon five.propfive.prop coloncolon six.propsix.prop coloncolon seven.propseven.prop coloncolon eight.propeight.prop coloncolon nine.propnine.prop colonendash zero.propzero.prop endashendash one.propone.prop endashendash two.proptwo.prop endashendash three.propthree.prop endashendash four.propfour.prop endashendash five.propfive.prop endashendash six.propsix.prop endashendash seven.propseven.prop endashendash eight.propeight.prop endashendash nine.propnine.prop endashslash zero.propzero.prop slashslash one.propone.prop slashslash two.proptwo.prop slashslash three.propthree.prop slashslash four.propfour.prop slashslash five.propfive.prop slashslash six.propsix.prop slashslash seven.propseven.prop slashslash eight.propeight.prop slashslash nine.propnine.prop slashbackslash zero.propzero.prop backslashbackslash one.propone.prop backslashbackslash two.proptwo.prop backslashbackslash three.propthree.prop backslashbackslash four.propfour.prop backslashbackslash five.propfive.prop backslashbackslash six.propsix.prop backslashbackslash seven.propseven.prop backslashbackslash eight.propeight.prop backslashbackslash nine.propnine.prop backslashbullet zero.propzero.prop bulletbullet one.propone.prop bulletbullet two.proptwo.prop bulletbullet three.propthree.prop bulletbullet four.propfour.prop bulletbullet five.propfive.prop bulletbullet six.propsix.prop bulletbullet seven.propseven.prop bulletbullet eight.propeight.prop bulletbullet nine.propnine.prop bulletperiodcentered zero.propzero.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered one.propone.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered two.proptwo.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered three.propthree.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered four.propfour.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered five.propfive.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered six.propsix.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered seven.propseven.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered eight.propeight.prop periodcenteredperiodcentered nine.propnine.prop periodcenteredat zero.propzero.prop atat one.propone.prop atat two.proptwo.prop atat three.propthree.prop atat four.propfour.prop atat five.propfive.prop atat six.propsix.prop atat seven.propseven.prop atat eight.propeight.prop atat nine.propnine.prop atplus zero.propzero.prop plusplus one.propone.prop plusplus two.proptwo.prop plusplus three.propthree.prop plusplus four.propfour.prop plusplus five.propfive.prop plusplus six.propsix.prop plusplus seven.propseven.prop plusplus eight.propeight.prop plusplus nine.propnine.prop plusampersand zero.propzero.prop ampersandampersand one.propone.prop ampersandampersand two.proptwo.prop ampersandampersand three.propthree.prop ampersandampersand four.propfour.prop ampersandampersand five.propfive.prop ampersandampersand six.propsix.prop ampersandampersand seven.propseven.prop ampersandampersand eight.propeight.prop ampersandampersand nine.propnine.prop ampersandasterisk zero.propzero.prop asteriskasterisk one.propone.prop asteriskasterisk two.proptwo.prop asteriskasterisk three.propthree.prop asteriskasterisk four.propfour.prop asteriskasterisk five.propfive.prop asteriskasterisk six.propsix.prop asteriskasterisk seven.propseven.prop asteriskasterisk eight.propeight.prop asteriskasterisk nine.propnine.prop asterisk
minute zero.prop
zero.prop minute
minute one.prop
one.prop minute
minute two.prop
two.prop minute
minute three.prop
three.prop minute
minute four.prop
four.prop minute
minute five.prop
five.prop minute
minute six.prop
six.prop minute
minute seven.prop
seven.prop minute
minute eight.prop
eight.prop minute
minute nine.prop
nine.prop minute
quotesingle zero.prop
zero.prop quotesingle
quotesingle one.prop
one.prop quotesingle
quotesingle two.prop
two.prop quotesingle
quotesingle three.prop
three.prop quotesingle
quotesingle four.prop
four.prop quotesingle
quotesingle five.prop
five.prop quotesingle
quotesingle six.prop
six.prop quotesingle
quotesingle seven.prop
seven.prop quotesingle
quotesingle eight.prop
eight.prop quotesingle
quotesingle nine.prop
nine.prop quotesinglequoteleft zero.propzero.prop quoterightquoteright zero.propzero.prop quoteleftquoteleft one.propone.prop quoterightquoteright one.propone.prop quoteleftquoteleft two.proptwo.prop quoterightquoteright two.proptwo.prop quoteleftquoteleft three.propthree.prop quoterightquoteright three.propthree.prop quoteleftquoteleft four.propfour.prop quoterightquoteright four.propfour.prop quoteleftquoteleft five.propfive.prop quoterightquoteright five.propfive.prop quoteleftquoteleft six.propsix.prop quoterightquoteright six.propsix.prop quoteleftquoteleft seven.propseven.prop quoterightquoteright seven.propseven.prop quoteleftquoteleft eight.propeight.prop quoterightquoteright eight.propeight.prop quoteleftquoteleft nine.propnine.prop quoterightquoteright nine.propnine.prop quoteleftguilsinglleft zero.propzero.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright zero.propzero.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft one.propone.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright one.propone.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft two.proptwo.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright two.proptwo.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft three.propthree.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright three.propthree.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft four.propfour.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright four.propfour.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft five.propfive.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright five.propfive.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft six.propsix.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright six.propsix.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft seven.propseven.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright seven.propseven.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft eight.propeight.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright eight.propeight.prop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft nine.propnine.prop guilsinglrightguilsinglright nine.propnine.prop guilsinglleftexclamdown zero.propexclamdown one.propexclamdown two.propexclamdown three.propexclamdown four.propexclamdown five.propexclamdown six.propexclamdown seven.propexclamdown eight.propexclamdown nine.propquestiondown zero.propquestiondown one.propquestiondown two.propquestiondown three.propquestiondown four.propquestiondown five.propquestiondown six.propquestiondown seven.propquestiondown eight.propquestiondown nine.propcopyright zero.propcopyright one.propcopyright two.propcopyright three.propcopyright four.propcopyright five.propcopyright six.propcopyright seven.propcopyright eight.propcopyright nine.propquotesinglbase zero.propquotesinglbase one.propquotesinglbase two.propquotesinglbase three.propquotesinglbase four.propquotesinglbase five.propquotesinglbase six.propquotesinglbase seven.propquotesinglbase eight.propquotesinglbase nine.propzero.prop exclamzero.prop questionone.prop exclamone.prop questiontwo.prop exclamtwo.prop questionthree.prop exclamthree.prop questionfour.prop exclamfour.prop questionfive.prop exclamfive.prop questionsix.prop exclamsix.prop questionseven.prop exclamseven.prop questioneight.prop exclameight.prop questionnine.prop exclamnine.prop questionzero.prop servicemarkzero.prop trademarkone.prop servicemarkone.prop trademarktwo.prop servicemarktwo.prop trademarkthree.prop servicemarkthree.prop trademarkfour.prop servicemarkfour.prop trademarkfive.prop servicemarkfive.prop trademarksix.prop servicemarksix.prop trademarkseven.prop servicemarkseven.prop trademarkeight.prop servicemarkeight.prop trademarknine.prop servicemarknine.prop trademarkparenleft zero.propzero.prop parenrightparenleft one.propone.prop parenrightparenleft two.proptwo.prop parenrightparenleft three.propthree.prop parenrightparenleft four.propfour.prop parenrightparenleft five.propfive.prop parenrightparenleft six.propsix.prop parenrightparenleft seven.propseven.prop parenrightparenleft eight.propeight.prop parenrightparenleft nine.propnine.prop parenrightbraceleft zero.propzero.prop bracerightbraceleft one.propone.prop bracerightbraceleft two.proptwo.prop bracerightbraceleft three.propthree.prop bracerightbraceleft four.propfour.prop bracerightbraceleft five.propfive.prop bracerightbraceleft six.propsix.prop bracerightbraceleft seven.propseven.prop bracerightbraceleft eight.propeight.prop bracerightbraceleft nine.propnine.prop bracerightminus zero.propzero.prop minusminus one.propone.prop minusminus two.proptwo.prop minusminus three.propthree.prop minusminus four.propfour.prop minusminus five.propfive.prop minusminus six.propsix.prop minusminus seven.propseven.prop minusminus eight.propeight.prop minusminus nine.propnine.prop minusmultiply zero.propzero.prop multiplymultiply one.propone.prop multiplymultiply two.proptwo.prop multiplymultiply three.propthree.prop multiplymultiply four.propfour.prop multiplymultiply five.propfive.prop multiplymultiply six.propsix.prop multiplymultiply seven.propseven.prop multiplymultiply eight.propeight.prop multiplymultiply nine.propnine.prop multiplydivide zero.propzero.prop dividedivide one.propone.prop dividedivide two.proptwo.prop dividedivide three.propthree.prop dividedivide four.propfour.prop dividedivide five.propfive.prop dividedivide six.propsix.prop dividedivide seven.propseven.prop dividedivide eight.propeight.prop dividedivide nine.propnine.prop divideless zero.propzero.prop lessless one.propone.prop lessless two.proptwo.prop lessless three.propthree.prop lessless four.propfour.prop lessless five.propfive.prop lessless six.propsix.prop lessless seven.propseven.prop lessless eight.propeight.prop lessless nine.propnine.prop lessequal zero.propzero.prop equalequal one.propone.prop equalequal two.proptwo.prop equalequal three.propthree.prop equalequal four.propfour.prop equalequal five.propfive.prop equalequal six.propsix.prop equalequal seven.propseven.prop equalequal eight.propeight.prop equalequal nine.propnine.prop equalgreater zero.propzero.prop greatergreater one.propone.prop greatergreater two.proptwo.prop greatergreater three.propthree.prop greatergreater four.propfour.prop greatergreater five.propfive.prop greatergreater six.propsix.prop greatergreater seven.propseven.prop greatergreater eight.propeight.prop greatergreater nine.propnine.prop greaterdegree zero.propzero.prop degreedegree one.propone.prop degreedegree two.proptwo.prop degreedegree three.propthree.prop degreedegree four.propfour.prop degreedegree five.propfive.prop degreedegree six.propsix.prop degreedegree seven.propseven.prop degreedegree eight.propeight.prop degreedegree nine.propnine.prop degreenumbersign zero.propzero.prop numbersignnumbersign one.propone.prop numbersignnumbersign two.proptwo.prop numbersignnumbersign three.propthree.prop numbersignnumbersign four.propfour.prop numbersignnumbersign five.propfive.prop numbersignnumbersign six.propsix.prop numbersignnumbersign seven.propseven.prop numbersignnumbersign eight.propeight.prop numbersignnumbersign nine.propnine.prop numbersignEuro.proportional zero.propzero.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional one.propone.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional two.proptwo.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional three.propthree.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional four.propfour.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional five.propfive.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional six.propsix.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional seven.propseven.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional eight.propeight.prop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional nine.propnine.prop Euro.proportionalyen.proportional zero.propyen.proportional one.propyen.proportional two.propyen.proportional three.propyen.proportional four.propyen.proportional five.propyen.proportional six.propyen.proportional seven.propyen.proportional eight.propyen.proportional nine.propflorin.proportional zero.propflorin.proportional one.propflorin.proportional two.propflorin.proportional three.propflorin.proportional four.propflorin.proportional five.propflorin.proportional six.propflorin.proportional seven.propflorin.proportional eight.propflorin.proportional nine.propdollar.proportional zero.propdollar.proportional one.propdollar.proportional two.propdollar.proportional three.propdollar.proportional four.propdollar.proportional five.propdollar.proportional six.propdollar.proportional seven.propdollar.proportional eight.propdollar.proportional nine.propsterling.altprop zero.propsterling.altprop one.propsterling.altprop two.propsterling.altprop three.propsterling.altprop four.propsterling.altprop five.propsterling.altprop six.propsterling.altprop seven.propsterling.altprop eight.propsterling.altprop nine.propsterling.proportional zero.propsterling.proportional one.propsterling.proportional two.propsterling.proportional three.propsterling.proportional four.propsterling.proportional five.propsterling.proportional six.propsterling.proportional seven.propsterling.proportional eight.propsterling.proportional nine.propzero.prop percentzero.prop cent.proportionalone.prop percentone.prop cent.proportionaltwo.prop percenttwo.prop cent.proportionalthree.prop percentthree.prop cent.proportionalfour.prop percentfour.prop cent.proportionalfive.prop percentfive.prop cent.proportionalsix.prop percentsix.prop cent.proportionalseven.prop percentseven.prop cent.proportionaleight.prop percenteight.prop cent.proportionalnine.prop percentnine.prop cent.proportional
zero.prop ordfeminine
zero.prop ordmasculine
one.prop ordfeminine
one.prop ordmasculine
two.prop ordfeminine
two.prop ordmasculine
three.prop ordfeminine
three.prop ordmasculine
four.prop ordfeminine
four.prop ordmasculine
five.prop ordfeminine
five.prop ordmasculine
six.prop ordfeminine
six.prop ordmasculine
seven.prop ordfeminine
seven.prop ordmasculine
eight.prop ordfeminine
eight.prop ordmasculine
nine.prop ordfeminine
nine.prop ordmasculine