#KPL:P: num num
zero.prop zero.prop
zero.prop one.prop
one.prop zero.prop
zero.prop two.prop
two.prop zero.prop
zero.prop three.prop
three.prop zero.prop
zero.prop four.prop
four.prop zero.prop
zero.prop five.prop
five.prop zero.prop
zero.prop six.prop
six.prop zero.prop
zero.prop seven.prop
seven.prop zero.prop
zero.prop eight.prop
eight.prop zero.prop
zero.prop nine.prop
nine.prop zero.prop
one.prop one.prop
one.prop two.prop
two.prop one.prop
one.prop three.prop
three.prop one.prop
one.prop four.prop
four.prop one.prop
one.prop five.prop
five.prop one.prop
one.prop six.prop
six.prop one.prop
one.prop seven.prop
seven.prop one.prop
one.prop eight.prop
eight.prop one.prop
one.prop nine.prop
nine.prop one.prop
two.prop two.prop
two.prop three.prop
three.prop two.prop
two.prop four.prop
four.prop two.prop
two.prop five.prop
five.prop two.prop
two.prop six.prop
six.prop two.prop
two.prop seven.prop
seven.prop two.prop
two.prop eight.prop
eight.prop two.prop
two.prop nine.prop
nine.prop two.prop
three.prop three.prop
three.prop four.prop
four.prop three.prop
three.prop five.prop
five.prop three.prop
three.prop six.prop
six.prop three.prop
three.prop seven.prop
seven.prop three.prop
three.prop eight.prop
eight.prop three.prop
three.prop nine.prop
nine.prop three.prop
four.prop four.prop
four.prop five.prop
five.prop four.prop
four.prop six.prop
six.prop four.prop
four.prop seven.prop
seven.prop four.prop
four.prop eight.prop
eight.prop four.prop
four.prop nine.prop
nine.prop four.prop
five.prop five.prop
five.prop six.prop
six.prop five.prop
five.prop seven.prop
seven.prop five.prop
five.prop eight.prop
eight.prop five.prop
five.prop nine.prop
nine.prop five.prop
six.prop six.prop
six.prop seven.prop
seven.prop six.prop
six.prop eight.prop
eight.prop six.prop
six.prop nine.prop
nine.prop six.prop
seven.prop seven.prop
seven.prop eight.prop
eight.prop seven.prop
seven.prop nine.prop
nine.prop seven.prop
eight.prop eight.prop
eight.prop nine.prop
nine.prop eight.prop
nine.prop nine.prop