#KPL:P: num punct dflt proportionalperiod zero.midpropzero.midprop periodperiod one.midpropone.midprop periodperiod two.midproptwo.midprop periodperiod three.midpropthree.midprop periodperiod four.midpropfour.midprop periodperiod five.midpropfive.midprop periodperiod six.midpropsix.midprop periodperiod seven.midpropseven.midprop periodperiod eight.midpropeight.midprop periodperiod nine.midpropnine.midprop periodcolon zero.midpropzero.midprop coloncolon one.midpropone.midprop coloncolon two.midproptwo.midprop coloncolon three.midpropthree.midprop coloncolon four.midpropfour.midprop coloncolon five.midpropfive.midprop coloncolon six.midpropsix.midprop coloncolon seven.midpropseven.midprop coloncolon eight.midpropeight.midprop coloncolon nine.midpropnine.midprop colonendash zero.midpropzero.midprop endashendash one.midpropone.midprop endashendash two.midproptwo.midprop endashendash three.midpropthree.midprop endashendash four.midpropfour.midprop endashendash five.midpropfive.midprop endashendash six.midpropsix.midprop endashendash seven.midpropseven.midprop endashendash eight.midpropeight.midprop endashendash nine.midpropnine.midprop endashslash zero.midpropzero.midprop slashslash one.midpropone.midprop slashslash two.midproptwo.midprop slashslash three.midpropthree.midprop slashslash four.midpropfour.midprop slashslash five.midpropfive.midprop slashslash six.midpropsix.midprop slashslash seven.midpropseven.midprop slashslash eight.midpropeight.midprop slashslash nine.midpropnine.midprop slashbackslash zero.midpropzero.midprop backslashbackslash one.midpropone.midprop backslashbackslash two.midproptwo.midprop backslashbackslash three.midpropthree.midprop backslashbackslash four.midpropfour.midprop backslashbackslash five.midpropfive.midprop backslashbackslash six.midpropsix.midprop backslashbackslash seven.midpropseven.midprop backslashbackslash eight.midpropeight.midprop backslashbackslash nine.midpropnine.midprop backslashbullet zero.midpropzero.midprop bulletbullet one.midpropone.midprop bulletbullet two.midproptwo.midprop bulletbullet three.midpropthree.midprop bulletbullet four.midpropfour.midprop bulletbullet five.midpropfive.midprop bulletbullet six.midpropsix.midprop bulletbullet seven.midpropseven.midprop bulletbullet eight.midpropeight.midprop bulletbullet nine.midpropnine.midprop bulletperiodcentered zero.midpropzero.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered one.midpropone.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered two.midproptwo.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered three.midpropthree.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered four.midpropfour.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered five.midpropfive.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered six.midpropsix.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered seven.midpropseven.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered eight.midpropeight.midprop periodcenteredperiodcentered nine.midpropnine.midprop periodcenteredat zero.midpropzero.midprop atat one.midpropone.midprop atat two.midproptwo.midprop atat three.midpropthree.midprop atat four.midpropfour.midprop atat five.midpropfive.midprop atat six.midpropsix.midprop atat seven.midpropseven.midprop atat eight.midpropeight.midprop atat nine.midpropnine.midprop atplus zero.midpropzero.midprop plusplus one.midpropone.midprop plusplus two.midproptwo.midprop plusplus three.midpropthree.midprop plusplus four.midpropfour.midprop plusplus five.midpropfive.midprop plusplus six.midpropsix.midprop plusplus seven.midpropseven.midprop plusplus eight.midpropeight.midprop plusplus nine.midpropnine.midprop plusampersand zero.midpropzero.midprop ampersandampersand one.midpropone.midprop ampersandampersand two.midproptwo.midprop ampersandampersand three.midpropthree.midprop ampersandampersand four.midpropfour.midprop ampersandampersand five.midpropfive.midprop ampersandampersand six.midpropsix.midprop ampersandampersand seven.midpropseven.midprop ampersandampersand eight.midpropeight.midprop ampersandampersand nine.midpropnine.midprop ampersandasterisk zero.midpropzero.midprop asteriskasterisk one.midpropone.midprop asteriskasterisk two.midproptwo.midprop asteriskasterisk three.midpropthree.midprop asteriskasterisk four.midpropfour.midprop asteriskasterisk five.midpropfive.midprop asteriskasterisk six.midpropsix.midprop asteriskasterisk seven.midpropseven.midprop asteriskasterisk eight.midpropeight.midprop asteriskasterisk nine.midpropnine.midprop asterisk
minute zero.midprop
zero.midprop minute
minute one.midprop
one.midprop minute
minute two.midprop
two.midprop minute
minute three.midprop
three.midprop minute
minute four.midprop
four.midprop minute
minute five.midprop
five.midprop minute
minute six.midprop
six.midprop minute
minute seven.midprop
seven.midprop minute
minute eight.midprop
eight.midprop minute
minute nine.midprop
nine.midprop minute
quotesingle zero.midprop
zero.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle one.midprop
one.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle two.midprop
two.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle three.midprop
three.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle four.midprop
four.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle five.midprop
five.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle six.midprop
six.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle seven.midprop
seven.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle eight.midprop
eight.midprop quotesingle
quotesingle nine.midprop
nine.midprop quotesinglequoteleft zero.midpropzero.midprop quoterightquoteright zero.midpropzero.midprop quoteleftquoteleft one.midpropone.midprop quoterightquoteright one.midpropone.midprop quoteleftquoteleft two.midproptwo.midprop quoterightquoteright two.midproptwo.midprop quoteleftquoteleft three.midpropthree.midprop quoterightquoteright three.midpropthree.midprop quoteleftquoteleft four.midpropfour.midprop quoterightquoteright four.midpropfour.midprop quoteleftquoteleft five.midpropfive.midprop quoterightquoteright five.midpropfive.midprop quoteleftquoteleft six.midpropsix.midprop quoterightquoteright six.midpropsix.midprop quoteleftquoteleft seven.midpropseven.midprop quoterightquoteright seven.midpropseven.midprop quoteleftquoteleft eight.midpropeight.midprop quoterightquoteright eight.midpropeight.midprop quoteleftquoteleft nine.midpropnine.midprop quoterightquoteright nine.midpropnine.midprop quoteleftguilsinglleft zero.midpropzero.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright zero.midpropzero.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft one.midpropone.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright one.midpropone.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft two.midproptwo.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright two.midproptwo.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft three.midpropthree.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright three.midpropthree.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft four.midpropfour.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright four.midpropfour.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft five.midpropfive.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright five.midpropfive.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft six.midpropsix.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright six.midpropsix.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft seven.midpropseven.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright seven.midpropseven.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft eight.midpropeight.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright eight.midpropeight.midprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft nine.midpropnine.midprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright nine.midpropnine.midprop guilsinglleftexclamdown zero.midpropexclamdown one.midpropexclamdown two.midpropexclamdown three.midpropexclamdown four.midpropexclamdown five.midpropexclamdown six.midpropexclamdown seven.midpropexclamdown eight.midpropexclamdown nine.midpropquestiondown zero.midpropquestiondown one.midpropquestiondown two.midpropquestiondown three.midpropquestiondown four.midpropquestiondown five.midpropquestiondown six.midpropquestiondown seven.midpropquestiondown eight.midpropquestiondown nine.midpropcopyright zero.midpropcopyright one.midpropcopyright two.midpropcopyright three.midpropcopyright four.midpropcopyright five.midpropcopyright six.midpropcopyright seven.midpropcopyright eight.midpropcopyright nine.midpropquotesinglbase zero.midpropquotesinglbase one.midpropquotesinglbase two.midpropquotesinglbase three.midpropquotesinglbase four.midpropquotesinglbase five.midpropquotesinglbase six.midpropquotesinglbase seven.midpropquotesinglbase eight.midpropquotesinglbase nine.midpropzero.midprop exclamzero.midprop questionone.midprop exclamone.midprop questiontwo.midprop exclamtwo.midprop questionthree.midprop exclamthree.midprop questionfour.midprop exclamfour.midprop questionfive.midprop exclamfive.midprop questionsix.midprop exclamsix.midprop questionseven.midprop exclamseven.midprop questioneight.midprop exclameight.midprop questionnine.midprop exclamnine.midprop questionzero.midprop servicemarkzero.midprop trademarkone.midprop servicemarkone.midprop trademarktwo.midprop servicemarktwo.midprop trademarkthree.midprop servicemarkthree.midprop trademarkfour.midprop servicemarkfour.midprop trademarkfive.midprop servicemarkfive.midprop trademarksix.midprop servicemarksix.midprop trademarkseven.midprop servicemarkseven.midprop trademarkeight.midprop servicemarkeight.midprop trademarknine.midprop servicemarknine.midprop trademarkparenleft zero.midpropzero.midprop parenrightparenleft one.midpropone.midprop parenrightparenleft two.midproptwo.midprop parenrightparenleft three.midpropthree.midprop parenrightparenleft four.midpropfour.midprop parenrightparenleft five.midpropfive.midprop parenrightparenleft six.midpropsix.midprop parenrightparenleft seven.midpropseven.midprop parenrightparenleft eight.midpropeight.midprop parenrightparenleft nine.midpropnine.midprop parenrightbraceleft zero.midpropzero.midprop bracerightbraceleft one.midpropone.midprop bracerightbraceleft two.midproptwo.midprop bracerightbraceleft three.midpropthree.midprop bracerightbraceleft four.midpropfour.midprop bracerightbraceleft five.midpropfive.midprop bracerightbraceleft six.midpropsix.midprop bracerightbraceleft seven.midpropseven.midprop bracerightbraceleft eight.midpropeight.midprop bracerightbraceleft nine.midpropnine.midprop bracerightminus zero.midpropzero.midprop minusminus one.midpropone.midprop minusminus two.midproptwo.midprop minusminus three.midpropthree.midprop minusminus four.midpropfour.midprop minusminus five.midpropfive.midprop minusminus six.midpropsix.midprop minusminus seven.midpropseven.midprop minusminus eight.midpropeight.midprop minusminus nine.midpropnine.midprop minusmultiply zero.midpropzero.midprop multiplymultiply one.midpropone.midprop multiplymultiply two.midproptwo.midprop multiplymultiply three.midpropthree.midprop multiplymultiply four.midpropfour.midprop multiplymultiply five.midpropfive.midprop multiplymultiply six.midpropsix.midprop multiplymultiply seven.midpropseven.midprop multiplymultiply eight.midpropeight.midprop multiplymultiply nine.midpropnine.midprop multiplydivide zero.midpropzero.midprop dividedivide one.midpropone.midprop dividedivide two.midproptwo.midprop dividedivide three.midpropthree.midprop dividedivide four.midpropfour.midprop dividedivide five.midpropfive.midprop dividedivide six.midpropsix.midprop dividedivide seven.midpropseven.midprop dividedivide eight.midpropeight.midprop dividedivide nine.midpropnine.midprop divideless zero.midpropzero.midprop lessless one.midpropone.midprop lessless two.midproptwo.midprop lessless three.midpropthree.midprop lessless four.midpropfour.midprop lessless five.midpropfive.midprop lessless six.midpropsix.midprop lessless seven.midpropseven.midprop lessless eight.midpropeight.midprop lessless nine.midpropnine.midprop lessequal zero.midpropzero.midprop equalequal one.midpropone.midprop equalequal two.midproptwo.midprop equalequal three.midpropthree.midprop equalequal four.midpropfour.midprop equalequal five.midpropfive.midprop equalequal six.midpropsix.midprop equalequal seven.midpropseven.midprop equalequal eight.midpropeight.midprop equalequal nine.midpropnine.midprop equalgreater zero.midpropzero.midprop greatergreater one.midpropone.midprop greatergreater two.midproptwo.midprop greatergreater three.midpropthree.midprop greatergreater four.midpropfour.midprop greatergreater five.midpropfive.midprop greatergreater six.midpropsix.midprop greatergreater seven.midpropseven.midprop greatergreater eight.midpropeight.midprop greatergreater nine.midpropnine.midprop greaterdegree zero.midpropzero.midprop degreedegree one.midpropone.midprop degreedegree two.midproptwo.midprop degreedegree three.midpropthree.midprop degreedegree four.midpropfour.midprop degreedegree five.midpropfive.midprop degreedegree six.midpropsix.midprop degreedegree seven.midpropseven.midprop degreedegree eight.midpropeight.midprop degreedegree nine.midpropnine.midprop degreenumbersign zero.midpropzero.midprop numbersignnumbersign one.midpropone.midprop numbersignnumbersign two.midproptwo.midprop numbersignnumbersign three.midpropthree.midprop numbersignnumbersign four.midpropfour.midprop numbersignnumbersign five.midpropfive.midprop numbersignnumbersign six.midpropsix.midprop numbersignnumbersign seven.midpropseven.midprop numbersignnumbersign eight.midpropeight.midprop numbersignnumbersign nine.midpropnine.midprop numbersignEuro.proportional zero.midpropzero.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional one.midpropone.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional two.midproptwo.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional three.midpropthree.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional four.midpropfour.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional five.midpropfive.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional six.midpropsix.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional seven.midpropseven.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional eight.midpropeight.midprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional nine.midpropnine.midprop Euro.proportionalyen.proportional zero.midpropyen.proportional one.midpropyen.proportional two.midpropyen.proportional three.midpropyen.proportional four.midpropyen.proportional five.midpropyen.proportional six.midpropyen.proportional seven.midpropyen.proportional eight.midpropyen.proportional nine.midpropflorin.proportional zero.midpropflorin.proportional one.midpropflorin.proportional two.midpropflorin.proportional three.midpropflorin.proportional four.midpropflorin.proportional five.midpropflorin.proportional six.midpropflorin.proportional seven.midpropflorin.proportional eight.midpropflorin.proportional nine.midpropdollar.proportional zero.midpropdollar.proportional one.midpropdollar.proportional two.midpropdollar.proportional three.midpropdollar.proportional four.midpropdollar.proportional five.midpropdollar.proportional six.midpropdollar.proportional seven.midpropdollar.proportional eight.midpropdollar.proportional nine.midpropsterling.altprop zero.midpropsterling.altprop one.midpropsterling.altprop two.midpropsterling.altprop three.midpropsterling.altprop four.midpropsterling.altprop five.midpropsterling.altprop six.midpropsterling.altprop seven.midpropsterling.altprop eight.midpropsterling.altprop nine.midpropsterling.proportional zero.midpropsterling.proportional one.midpropsterling.proportional two.midpropsterling.proportional three.midpropsterling.proportional four.midpropsterling.proportional five.midpropsterling.proportional six.midpropsterling.proportional seven.midpropsterling.proportional eight.midpropsterling.proportional nine.midpropzero.midprop percentzero.midprop cent.proportionalone.midprop percentone.midprop cent.proportionaltwo.midprop percenttwo.midprop cent.proportionalthree.midprop percentthree.midprop cent.proportionalfour.midprop percentfour.midprop cent.proportionalfive.midprop percentfive.midprop cent.proportionalsix.midprop percentsix.midprop cent.proportionalseven.midprop percentseven.midprop cent.proportionaleight.midprop percenteight.midprop cent.proportionalnine.midprop percentnine.midprop cent.proportional
zero.midprop ordfeminine
zero.midprop ordmasculine
one.midprop ordfeminine
one.midprop ordmasculine
two.midprop ordfeminine
two.midprop ordmasculine
three.midprop ordfeminine
three.midprop ordmasculine
four.midprop ordfeminine
four.midprop ordmasculine
five.midprop ordfeminine
five.midprop ordmasculine
six.midprop ordfeminine
six.midprop ordmasculine
seven.midprop ordfeminine
seven.midprop ordmasculine
eight.midprop ordfeminine
eight.midprop ordmasculine
nine.midprop ordfeminine
nine.midprop ordmasculine