#KPL:P: num punct LINperiod zero.linpropzero.linprop periodperiod one.linpropone.linprop periodperiod two.linproptwo.linprop periodperiod three.linpropthree.linprop periodperiod four.linpropfour.linprop periodperiod five.linpropfive.linprop periodperiod six.linpropsix.linprop periodperiod seven.linpropseven.linprop periodperiod eight.linpropeight.linprop periodperiod nine.linpropnine.linprop periodcolon zero.linpropzero.linprop coloncolon one.linpropone.linprop coloncolon two.linproptwo.linprop coloncolon three.linpropthree.linprop coloncolon four.linpropfour.linprop coloncolon five.linpropfive.linprop coloncolon six.linpropsix.linprop coloncolon seven.linpropseven.linprop coloncolon eight.linpropeight.linprop coloncolon nine.linpropnine.linprop colonendash zero.linpropzero.linprop endashendash one.linpropone.linprop endashendash two.linproptwo.linprop endashendash three.linpropthree.linprop endashendash four.linpropfour.linprop endashendash five.linpropfive.linprop endashendash six.linpropsix.linprop endashendash seven.linpropseven.linprop endashendash eight.linpropeight.linprop endashendash nine.linpropnine.linprop endashslash zero.linpropzero.linprop slashslash one.linpropone.linprop slashslash two.linproptwo.linprop slashslash three.linpropthree.linprop slashslash four.linpropfour.linprop slashslash five.linpropfive.linprop slashslash six.linpropsix.linprop slashslash seven.linpropseven.linprop slashslash eight.linpropeight.linprop slashslash nine.linpropnine.linprop slashbackslash zero.linpropzero.linprop backslashbackslash one.linpropone.linprop backslashbackslash two.linproptwo.linprop backslashbackslash three.linpropthree.linprop backslashbackslash four.linpropfour.linprop backslashbackslash five.linpropfive.linprop backslashbackslash six.linpropsix.linprop backslashbackslash seven.linpropseven.linprop backslashbackslash eight.linpropeight.linprop backslashbackslash nine.linpropnine.linprop backslashbullet zero.linpropzero.linprop bulletbullet one.linpropone.linprop bulletbullet two.linproptwo.linprop bulletbullet three.linpropthree.linprop bulletbullet four.linpropfour.linprop bulletbullet five.linpropfive.linprop bulletbullet six.linpropsix.linprop bulletbullet seven.linpropseven.linprop bulletbullet eight.linpropeight.linprop bulletbullet nine.linpropnine.linprop bulletperiodcentered zero.linpropzero.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered one.linpropone.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered two.linproptwo.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered three.linpropthree.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered four.linpropfour.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered five.linpropfive.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered six.linpropsix.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered seven.linpropseven.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered eight.linpropeight.linprop periodcenteredperiodcentered nine.linpropnine.linprop periodcenteredat zero.linpropzero.linprop atat one.linpropone.linprop atat two.linproptwo.linprop atat three.linpropthree.linprop atat four.linpropfour.linprop atat five.linpropfive.linprop atat six.linpropsix.linprop atat seven.linpropseven.linprop atat eight.linpropeight.linprop atat nine.linpropnine.linprop atplus zero.linpropzero.linprop plusplus one.linpropone.linprop plusplus two.linproptwo.linprop plusplus three.linpropthree.linprop plusplus four.linpropfour.linprop plusplus five.linpropfive.linprop plusplus six.linpropsix.linprop plusplus seven.linpropseven.linprop plusplus eight.linpropeight.linprop plusplus nine.linpropnine.linprop plusampersand zero.linpropzero.linprop ampersandampersand one.linpropone.linprop ampersandampersand two.linproptwo.linprop ampersandampersand three.linpropthree.linprop ampersandampersand four.linpropfour.linprop ampersandampersand five.linpropfive.linprop ampersandampersand six.linpropsix.linprop ampersandampersand seven.linpropseven.linprop ampersandampersand eight.linpropeight.linprop ampersandampersand nine.linpropnine.linprop ampersandasterisk zero.linpropzero.linprop asteriskasterisk one.linpropone.linprop asteriskasterisk two.linproptwo.linprop asteriskasterisk three.linpropthree.linprop asteriskasterisk four.linpropfour.linprop asteriskasterisk five.linpropfive.linprop asteriskasterisk six.linpropsix.linprop asteriskasterisk seven.linpropseven.linprop asteriskasterisk eight.linpropeight.linprop asteriskasterisk nine.linpropnine.linprop asterisk
minute zero.linprop
zero.linprop minute
minute one.linprop
one.linprop minute
minute two.linprop
two.linprop minute
minute three.linprop
three.linprop minute
minute four.linprop
four.linprop minute
minute five.linprop
five.linprop minute
minute six.linprop
six.linprop minute
minute seven.linprop
seven.linprop minute
minute eight.linprop
eight.linprop minute
minute nine.linprop
nine.linprop minute
quotesingle zero.linprop
zero.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle one.linprop
one.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle two.linprop
two.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle three.linprop
three.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle four.linprop
four.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle five.linprop
five.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle six.linprop
six.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle seven.linprop
seven.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle eight.linprop
eight.linprop quotesingle
quotesingle nine.linprop
nine.linprop quotesingle
quoteleft zero.linpropzero.linprop quoterightquoteright zero.linpropzero.linprop quoteleftquoteleft one.linpropone.linprop quoterightquoteright one.linpropone.linprop quoteleftquoteleft two.linproptwo.linprop quoterightquoteright two.linproptwo.linprop quoteleftquoteleft three.linpropthree.linprop quoterightquoteright three.linpropthree.linprop quoteleftquoteleft four.linpropfour.linprop quoterightquoteright four.linpropfour.linprop quoteleftquoteleft five.linpropfive.linprop quoterightquoteright five.linpropfive.linprop quoteleftquoteleft six.linpropsix.linprop quoterightquoteright six.linpropsix.linprop quoteleftquoteleft seven.linpropseven.linprop quoterightquoteright seven.linpropseven.linprop quoteleftquoteleft eight.linpropeight.linprop quoterightquoteright eight.linpropeight.linprop quoteleftquoteleft nine.linpropnine.linprop quoterightquoteright nine.linpropnine.linprop quoteleftguilsinglleft zero.linpropzero.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright zero.linpropzero.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft one.linpropone.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright one.linpropone.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft two.linproptwo.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright two.linproptwo.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft three.linpropthree.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright three.linpropthree.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft four.linpropfour.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright four.linpropfour.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft five.linpropfive.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright five.linpropfive.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft six.linpropsix.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright six.linpropsix.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft seven.linpropseven.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright seven.linpropseven.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft eight.linpropeight.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright eight.linpropeight.linprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft nine.linpropnine.linprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright nine.linpropnine.linprop guilsinglleftexclamdown zero.linpropexclamdown one.linpropexclamdown two.linpropexclamdown three.linpropexclamdown four.linpropexclamdown five.linpropexclamdown six.linpropexclamdown seven.linpropexclamdown eight.linpropexclamdown nine.linpropquestiondown zero.linpropquestiondown one.linpropquestiondown two.linpropquestiondown three.linpropquestiondown four.linpropquestiondown five.linpropquestiondown six.linpropquestiondown seven.linpropquestiondown eight.linpropquestiondown nine.linpropcopyright zero.linpropcopyright one.linpropcopyright two.linpropcopyright three.linpropcopyright four.linpropcopyright five.linpropcopyright six.linpropcopyright seven.linpropcopyright eight.linpropcopyright nine.linpropquotesinglbase zero.linpropquotesinglbase one.linpropquotesinglbase two.linpropquotesinglbase three.linpropquotesinglbase four.linpropquotesinglbase five.linpropquotesinglbase six.linpropquotesinglbase seven.linpropquotesinglbase eight.linpropquotesinglbase nine.linpropzero.linprop exclamzero.linprop questionone.linprop exclamone.linprop questiontwo.linprop exclamtwo.linprop questionthree.linprop exclamthree.linprop questionfour.linprop exclamfour.linprop questionfive.linprop exclamfive.linprop questionsix.linprop exclamsix.linprop questionseven.linprop exclamseven.linprop questioneight.linprop exclameight.linprop questionnine.linprop exclamnine.linprop questionzero.linprop servicemarkzero.linprop trademarkone.linprop servicemarkone.linprop trademarktwo.linprop servicemarktwo.linprop trademarkthree.linprop servicemarkthree.linprop trademarkfour.linprop servicemarkfour.linprop trademarkfive.linprop servicemarkfive.linprop trademarksix.linprop servicemarksix.linprop trademarkseven.linprop servicemarkseven.linprop trademarkeight.linprop servicemarkeight.linprop trademarknine.linprop servicemarknine.linprop trademarkparenleft zero.linpropzero.linprop parenrightparenleft one.linpropone.linprop parenrightparenleft two.linproptwo.linprop parenrightparenleft three.linpropthree.linprop parenrightparenleft four.linpropfour.linprop parenrightparenleft five.linpropfive.linprop parenrightparenleft six.linpropsix.linprop parenrightparenleft seven.linpropseven.linprop parenrightparenleft eight.linpropeight.linprop parenrightparenleft nine.linpropnine.linprop parenrightbraceleft zero.linpropzero.linprop bracerightbraceleft one.linpropone.linprop bracerightbraceleft two.linproptwo.linprop bracerightbraceleft three.linpropthree.linprop bracerightbraceleft four.linpropfour.linprop bracerightbraceleft five.linpropfive.linprop bracerightbraceleft six.linpropsix.linprop bracerightbraceleft seven.linpropseven.linprop bracerightbraceleft eight.linpropeight.linprop bracerightbraceleft nine.linpropnine.linprop bracerightminus zero.linpropzero.linprop minusminus one.linpropone.linprop minusminus two.linproptwo.linprop minusminus three.linpropthree.linprop minusminus four.linpropfour.linprop minusminus five.linpropfive.linprop minusminus six.linpropsix.linprop minusminus seven.linpropseven.linprop minusminus eight.linpropeight.linprop minusminus nine.linpropnine.linprop minusmultiply zero.linpropzero.linprop multiplymultiply one.linpropone.linprop multiplymultiply two.linproptwo.linprop multiplymultiply three.linpropthree.linprop multiplymultiply four.linpropfour.linprop multiplymultiply five.linpropfive.linprop multiplymultiply six.linpropsix.linprop multiplymultiply seven.linpropseven.linprop multiplymultiply eight.linpropeight.linprop multiplymultiply nine.linpropnine.linprop multiplydivide zero.linpropzero.linprop dividedivide one.linpropone.linprop dividedivide two.linproptwo.linprop dividedivide three.linpropthree.linprop dividedivide four.linpropfour.linprop dividedivide five.linpropfive.linprop dividedivide six.linpropsix.linprop dividedivide seven.linpropseven.linprop dividedivide eight.linpropeight.linprop dividedivide nine.linpropnine.linprop divideless zero.linpropzero.linprop lessless one.linpropone.linprop lessless two.linproptwo.linprop lessless three.linpropthree.linprop lessless four.linpropfour.linprop lessless five.linpropfive.linprop lessless six.linpropsix.linprop lessless seven.linpropseven.linprop lessless eight.linpropeight.linprop lessless nine.linpropnine.linprop lessequal zero.linpropzero.linprop equalequal one.linpropone.linprop equalequal two.linproptwo.linprop equalequal three.linpropthree.linprop equalequal four.linpropfour.linprop equalequal five.linpropfive.linprop equalequal six.linpropsix.linprop equalequal seven.linpropseven.linprop equalequal eight.linpropeight.linprop equalequal nine.linpropnine.linprop equalgreater zero.linpropzero.linprop greatergreater one.linpropone.linprop greatergreater two.linproptwo.linprop greatergreater three.linpropthree.linprop greatergreater four.linpropfour.linprop greatergreater five.linpropfive.linprop greatergreater six.linpropsix.linprop greatergreater seven.linpropseven.linprop greatergreater eight.linpropeight.linprop greatergreater nine.linpropnine.linprop greaterdegree zero.linpropzero.linprop degreedegree one.linpropone.linprop degreedegree two.linproptwo.linprop degreedegree three.linpropthree.linprop degreedegree four.linpropfour.linprop degreedegree five.linpropfive.linprop degreedegree six.linpropsix.linprop degreedegree seven.linpropseven.linprop degreedegree eight.linpropeight.linprop degreedegree nine.linpropnine.linprop degreenumbersign zero.linpropzero.linprop numbersignnumbersign one.linpropone.linprop numbersignnumbersign two.linproptwo.linprop numbersignnumbersign three.linpropthree.linprop numbersignnumbersign four.linpropfour.linprop numbersignnumbersign five.linpropfive.linprop numbersignnumbersign six.linpropsix.linprop numbersignnumbersign seven.linpropseven.linprop numbersignnumbersign eight.linpropeight.linprop numbersignnumbersign nine.linpropnine.linprop numbersignEuro.proportional zero.linpropzero.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional one.linpropone.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional two.linproptwo.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional three.linpropthree.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional four.linpropfour.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional five.linpropfive.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional six.linpropsix.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional seven.linpropseven.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional eight.linpropeight.linprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional nine.linpropnine.linprop Euro.proportionalyen.proportional zero.linpropyen.proportional one.linpropyen.proportional two.linpropyen.proportional three.linpropyen.proportional four.linpropyen.proportional five.linpropyen.proportional six.linpropyen.proportional seven.linpropyen.proportional eight.linpropyen.proportional nine.linpropflorin.proportional zero.linpropflorin.proportional one.linpropflorin.proportional two.linpropflorin.proportional three.linpropflorin.proportional four.linpropflorin.proportional five.linpropflorin.proportional six.linpropflorin.proportional seven.linpropflorin.proportional eight.linpropflorin.proportional nine.linpropdollar.proportional zero.linpropdollar.proportional one.linpropdollar.proportional two.linpropdollar.proportional three.linpropdollar.proportional four.linpropdollar.proportional five.linpropdollar.proportional six.linpropdollar.proportional seven.linpropdollar.proportional eight.linpropdollar.proportional nine.linpropsterling.altprop zero.linpropsterling.altprop one.linpropsterling.altprop two.linpropsterling.altprop three.linpropsterling.altprop four.linpropsterling.altprop five.linpropsterling.altprop six.linpropsterling.altprop seven.linpropsterling.altprop eight.linpropsterling.altprop nine.linpropsterling.proportional zero.linpropsterling.proportional one.linpropsterling.proportional two.linpropsterling.proportional three.linpropsterling.proportional four.linpropsterling.proportional five.linpropsterling.proportional six.linpropsterling.proportional seven.linpropsterling.proportional eight.linpropsterling.proportional nine.linpropzero.linprop percentzero.linprop cent.proportionalone.linprop percentone.linprop cent.proportionaltwo.linprop percenttwo.linprop cent.proportionalthree.linprop percentthree.linprop cent.proportionalfour.linprop percentfour.linprop cent.proportionalfive.linprop percentfive.linprop cent.proportionalsix.linprop percentsix.linprop cent.proportionalseven.linprop percentseven.linprop cent.proportionaleight.linprop percenteight.linprop cent.proportionalnine.linprop percentnine.linprop cent.proportional
zero.linprop ordfeminine
zero.linprop ordmasculine
one.linprop ordfeminine
one.linprop ordmasculine
two.linprop ordfeminine
two.linprop ordmasculine
three.linprop ordfeminine
three.linprop ordmasculine
four.linprop ordfeminine
four.linprop ordmasculine
five.linprop ordfeminine
five.linprop ordmasculine
six.linprop ordfeminine
six.linprop ordmasculine
seven.linprop ordfeminine
seven.linprop ordmasculine
eight.linprop ordfeminine
eight.linprop ordmasculine
nine.linprop ordfeminine
nine.linprop ordmasculine