#KPL:P: num num
zero.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop zero.midprop
zero.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop zero.midprop
one.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop one.midprop
one.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop one.midprop
two.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop two.midprop
two.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop two.midprop
three.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop three.midprop
three.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop three.midprop
four.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop four.midprop
four.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop four.midprop
five.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop five.midprop
five.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop five.midprop
six.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop six.midprop
six.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop six.midprop
seven.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop seven.midprop
seven.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop seven.midprop
eight.midprop eight.midprop
eight.midprop nine.midprop
nine.midprop eight.midprop
nine.midprop nine.midprop