#KPL:P: numLin - numLin
zero.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop zero.linprop
zero.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop zero.linprop
one.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop one.linprop
one.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop one.linprop
two.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop two.linprop
two.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop two.linprop
three.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop three.linprop
three.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop three.linprop
four.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop four.linprop
four.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop four.linprop
five.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop five.linprop
five.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop five.linprop
six.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop six.linprop
six.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop six.linprop
seven.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop seven.linprop
seven.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop seven.linprop
eight.linprop eight.linprop
eight.linprop nine.linprop
nine.linprop eight.linprop
nine.linprop nine.linprop