#KPL:P: num.oldprop num.oldprop
zero.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop zero.oldprop
one.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop one.oldprop
one.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop one.oldprop
two.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop two.oldprop
two.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop two.oldprop
three.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop three.oldprop
three.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop three.oldprop
four.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop four.oldprop
four.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop four.oldprop
five.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop five.oldprop
five.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop five.oldprop
six.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop six.oldprop
six.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop six.oldprop
seven.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop seven.oldprop
eight.oldprop eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop eight.oldprop
nine.oldprop nine.oldprop