#KPL:P: num punct dflt proportionalperiod zero.oldpropzero.oldprop periodperiod one.oldpropone.oldprop periodperiod two.oldproptwo.oldprop periodperiod three.oldpropthree.oldprop periodperiod four.oldpropfour.oldprop periodperiod five.oldpropfive.oldprop periodperiod six.oldpropsix.oldprop periodperiod seven.oldpropseven.oldprop periodperiod eight.oldpropeight.oldprop periodperiod nine.oldpropnine.oldprop periodcolon zero.oldpropzero.oldprop coloncolon one.oldpropone.oldprop coloncolon two.oldproptwo.oldprop coloncolon three.oldpropthree.oldprop coloncolon four.oldpropfour.oldprop coloncolon five.oldpropfive.oldprop coloncolon six.oldpropsix.oldprop coloncolon seven.oldpropseven.oldprop coloncolon eight.oldpropeight.oldprop coloncolon nine.oldpropnine.oldprop colonendash zero.oldpropzero.oldprop endashendash one.oldpropone.oldprop endashendash two.oldproptwo.oldprop endashendash three.oldpropthree.oldprop endashendash four.oldpropfour.oldprop endashendash five.oldpropfive.oldprop endashendash six.oldpropsix.oldprop endashendash seven.oldpropseven.oldprop endashendash eight.oldpropeight.oldprop endashendash nine.oldpropnine.oldprop endashslash zero.oldpropzero.oldprop slashslash one.oldpropone.oldprop slashslash two.oldproptwo.oldprop slashslash three.oldpropthree.oldprop slashslash four.oldpropfour.oldprop slashslash five.oldpropfive.oldprop slashslash six.oldpropsix.oldprop slashslash seven.oldpropseven.oldprop slashslash eight.oldpropeight.oldprop slashslash nine.oldpropnine.oldprop slashbackslash zero.oldpropzero.oldprop backslashbackslash one.oldpropone.oldprop backslashbackslash two.oldproptwo.oldprop backslashbackslash three.oldpropthree.oldprop backslashbackslash four.oldpropfour.oldprop backslashbackslash five.oldpropfive.oldprop backslashbackslash six.oldpropsix.oldprop backslashbackslash seven.oldpropseven.oldprop backslashbackslash eight.oldpropeight.oldprop backslashbackslash nine.oldpropnine.oldprop backslashbullet zero.oldpropzero.oldprop bulletbullet one.oldpropone.oldprop bulletbullet two.oldproptwo.oldprop bulletbullet three.oldpropthree.oldprop bulletbullet four.oldpropfour.oldprop bulletbullet five.oldpropfive.oldprop bulletbullet six.oldpropsix.oldprop bulletbullet seven.oldpropseven.oldprop bulletbullet eight.oldpropeight.oldprop bulletbullet nine.oldpropnine.oldprop bulletperiodcentered zero.oldpropzero.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered one.oldpropone.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered two.oldproptwo.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered three.oldpropthree.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered four.oldpropfour.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered five.oldpropfive.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered six.oldpropsix.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered seven.oldpropseven.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered eight.oldpropeight.oldprop periodcenteredperiodcentered nine.oldpropnine.oldprop periodcenteredat zero.oldpropzero.oldprop atat one.oldpropone.oldprop atat two.oldproptwo.oldprop atat three.oldpropthree.oldprop atat four.oldpropfour.oldprop atat five.oldpropfive.oldprop atat six.oldpropsix.oldprop atat seven.oldpropseven.oldprop atat eight.oldpropeight.oldprop atat nine.oldpropnine.oldprop atplus zero.oldpropzero.oldprop plusplus one.oldpropone.oldprop plusplus two.oldproptwo.oldprop plusplus three.oldpropthree.oldprop plusplus four.oldpropfour.oldprop plusplus five.oldpropfive.oldprop plusplus six.oldpropsix.oldprop plusplus seven.oldpropseven.oldprop plusplus eight.oldpropeight.oldprop plusplus nine.oldpropnine.oldprop plusampersand zero.oldpropzero.oldprop ampersandampersand one.oldpropone.oldprop ampersandampersand two.oldproptwo.oldprop ampersandampersand three.oldpropthree.oldprop ampersandampersand four.oldpropfour.oldprop ampersandampersand five.oldpropfive.oldprop ampersandampersand six.oldpropsix.oldprop ampersandampersand seven.oldpropseven.oldprop ampersandampersand eight.oldpropeight.oldprop ampersandampersand nine.oldpropnine.oldprop ampersandasterisk zero.oldpropzero.oldprop asteriskasterisk one.oldpropone.oldprop asteriskasterisk two.oldproptwo.oldprop asteriskasterisk three.oldpropthree.oldprop asteriskasterisk four.oldpropfour.oldprop asteriskasterisk five.oldpropfive.oldprop asteriskasterisk six.oldpropsix.oldprop asteriskasterisk seven.oldpropseven.oldprop asteriskasterisk eight.oldpropeight.oldprop asteriskasterisk nine.oldpropnine.oldprop asterisk
minute zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop minute
minute one.oldprop
one.oldprop minute
minute two.oldprop
two.oldprop minute
minute three.oldprop
three.oldprop minute
minute four.oldprop
four.oldprop minute
minute five.oldprop
five.oldprop minute
minute six.oldprop
six.oldprop minute
minute seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop minute
minute eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop minute
minute nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop minute
quotesingle zero.oldprop
zero.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle one.oldprop
one.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle two.oldprop
two.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle three.oldprop
three.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle four.oldprop
four.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle five.oldprop
five.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle six.oldprop
six.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle seven.oldprop
seven.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle eight.oldprop
eight.oldprop quotesingle
quotesingle nine.oldprop
nine.oldprop quotesingle
quoteleft zero.oldpropzero.oldprop quoterightquoteright zero.oldpropzero.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft one.oldpropone.oldprop quoterightquoteright one.oldpropone.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft two.oldproptwo.oldprop quoterightquoteright two.oldproptwo.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft three.oldpropthree.oldprop quoterightquoteright three.oldpropthree.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft four.oldpropfour.oldprop quoterightquoteright four.oldpropfour.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft five.oldpropfive.oldprop quoterightquoteright five.oldpropfive.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft six.oldpropsix.oldprop quoterightquoteright six.oldpropsix.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft seven.oldpropseven.oldprop quoterightquoteright seven.oldpropseven.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft eight.oldpropeight.oldprop quoterightquoteright eight.oldpropeight.oldprop quoteleftquoteleft nine.oldpropnine.oldprop quoterightquoteright nine.oldpropnine.oldprop quoteleftguilsinglleft zero.oldpropzero.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright zero.oldpropzero.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft one.oldpropone.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright one.oldpropone.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft two.oldproptwo.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright two.oldproptwo.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft three.oldpropthree.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright three.oldpropthree.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft four.oldpropfour.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright four.oldpropfour.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft five.oldpropfive.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright five.oldpropfive.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft six.oldpropsix.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright six.oldpropsix.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft seven.oldpropseven.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright seven.oldpropseven.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft eight.oldpropeight.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright eight.oldpropeight.oldprop guilsinglleftguilsinglleft nine.oldpropnine.oldprop guilsinglrightguilsinglright nine.oldpropnine.oldprop guilsinglleftexclamdown zero.oldpropexclamdown one.oldpropexclamdown two.oldpropexclamdown three.oldpropexclamdown four.oldpropexclamdown five.oldpropexclamdown six.oldpropexclamdown seven.oldpropexclamdown eight.oldpropexclamdown nine.oldpropquestiondown zero.oldpropquestiondown one.oldpropquestiondown two.oldpropquestiondown three.oldpropquestiondown four.oldpropquestiondown five.oldpropquestiondown six.oldpropquestiondown seven.oldpropquestiondown eight.oldpropquestiondown nine.oldpropcopyright zero.oldpropcopyright one.oldpropcopyright two.oldpropcopyright three.oldpropcopyright four.oldpropcopyright five.oldpropcopyright six.oldpropcopyright seven.oldpropcopyright eight.oldpropcopyright nine.oldpropquotesinglbase zero.oldpropquotesinglbase one.oldpropquotesinglbase two.oldpropquotesinglbase three.oldpropquotesinglbase four.oldpropquotesinglbase five.oldpropquotesinglbase six.oldpropquotesinglbase seven.oldpropquotesinglbase eight.oldpropquotesinglbase nine.oldpropzero.oldprop exclamzero.oldprop questionone.oldprop exclamone.oldprop questiontwo.oldprop exclamtwo.oldprop questionthree.oldprop exclamthree.oldprop questionfour.oldprop exclamfour.oldprop questionfive.oldprop exclamfive.oldprop questionsix.oldprop exclamsix.oldprop questionseven.oldprop exclamseven.oldprop questioneight.oldprop exclameight.oldprop questionnine.oldprop exclamnine.oldprop questionzero.oldprop servicemarkzero.oldprop trademarkone.oldprop servicemarkone.oldprop trademarktwo.oldprop servicemarktwo.oldprop trademarkthree.oldprop servicemarkthree.oldprop trademarkfour.oldprop servicemarkfour.oldprop trademarkfive.oldprop servicemarkfive.oldprop trademarksix.oldprop servicemarksix.oldprop trademarkseven.oldprop servicemarkseven.oldprop trademarkeight.oldprop servicemarkeight.oldprop trademarknine.oldprop servicemarknine.oldprop trademarkparenleft zero.oldpropzero.oldprop parenrightparenleft one.oldpropone.oldprop parenrightparenleft two.oldproptwo.oldprop parenrightparenleft three.oldpropthree.oldprop parenrightparenleft four.oldpropfour.oldprop parenrightparenleft five.oldpropfive.oldprop parenrightparenleft six.oldpropsix.oldprop parenrightparenleft seven.oldpropseven.oldprop parenrightparenleft eight.oldpropeight.oldprop parenrightparenleft nine.oldpropnine.oldprop parenrightbraceleft zero.oldpropzero.oldprop bracerightbraceleft one.oldpropone.oldprop bracerightbraceleft two.oldproptwo.oldprop bracerightbraceleft three.oldpropthree.oldprop bracerightbraceleft four.oldpropfour.oldprop bracerightbraceleft five.oldpropfive.oldprop bracerightbraceleft six.oldpropsix.oldprop bracerightbraceleft seven.oldpropseven.oldprop bracerightbraceleft eight.oldpropeight.oldprop bracerightbraceleft nine.oldpropnine.oldprop bracerightminus zero.oldpropzero.oldprop minusminus one.oldpropone.oldprop minusminus two.oldproptwo.oldprop minusminus three.oldpropthree.oldprop minusminus four.oldpropfour.oldprop minusminus five.oldpropfive.oldprop minusminus six.oldpropsix.oldprop minusminus seven.oldpropseven.oldprop minusminus eight.oldpropeight.oldprop minusminus nine.oldpropnine.oldprop minusmultiply zero.oldpropzero.oldprop multiplymultiply one.oldpropone.oldprop multiplymultiply two.oldproptwo.oldprop multiplymultiply three.oldpropthree.oldprop multiplymultiply four.oldpropfour.oldprop multiplymultiply five.oldpropfive.oldprop multiplymultiply six.oldpropsix.oldprop multiplymultiply seven.oldpropseven.oldprop multiplymultiply eight.oldpropeight.oldprop multiplymultiply nine.oldpropnine.oldprop multiplydivide zero.oldpropzero.oldprop dividedivide one.oldpropone.oldprop dividedivide two.oldproptwo.oldprop dividedivide three.oldpropthree.oldprop dividedivide four.oldpropfour.oldprop dividedivide five.oldpropfive.oldprop dividedivide six.oldpropsix.oldprop dividedivide seven.oldpropseven.oldprop dividedivide eight.oldpropeight.oldprop dividedivide nine.oldpropnine.oldprop divideless zero.oldpropzero.oldprop lessless one.oldpropone.oldprop lessless two.oldproptwo.oldprop lessless three.oldpropthree.oldprop lessless four.oldpropfour.oldprop lessless five.oldpropfive.oldprop lessless six.oldpropsix.oldprop lessless seven.oldpropseven.oldprop lessless eight.oldpropeight.oldprop lessless nine.oldpropnine.oldprop lessequal zero.oldpropzero.oldprop equalequal one.oldpropone.oldprop equalequal two.oldproptwo.oldprop equalequal three.oldpropthree.oldprop equalequal four.oldpropfour.oldprop equalequal five.oldpropfive.oldprop equalequal six.oldpropsix.oldprop equalequal seven.oldpropseven.oldprop equalequal eight.oldpropeight.oldprop equalequal nine.oldpropnine.oldprop equalgreater zero.oldpropzero.oldprop greatergreater one.oldpropone.oldprop greatergreater two.oldproptwo.oldprop greatergreater three.oldpropthree.oldprop greatergreater four.oldpropfour.oldprop greatergreater five.oldpropfive.oldprop greatergreater six.oldpropsix.oldprop greatergreater seven.oldpropseven.oldprop greatergreater eight.oldpropeight.oldprop greatergreater nine.oldpropnine.oldprop greaterdegree zero.oldpropzero.oldprop degreedegree one.oldpropone.oldprop degreedegree two.oldproptwo.oldprop degreedegree three.oldpropthree.oldprop degreedegree four.oldpropfour.oldprop degreedegree five.oldpropfive.oldprop degreedegree six.oldpropsix.oldprop degreedegree seven.oldpropseven.oldprop degreedegree eight.oldpropeight.oldprop degreedegree nine.oldpropnine.oldprop degreenumbersign zero.oldpropzero.oldprop numbersignnumbersign one.oldpropone.oldprop numbersignnumbersign two.oldproptwo.oldprop numbersignnumbersign three.oldpropthree.oldprop numbersignnumbersign four.oldpropfour.oldprop numbersignnumbersign five.oldpropfive.oldprop numbersignnumbersign six.oldpropsix.oldprop numbersignnumbersign seven.oldpropseven.oldprop numbersignnumbersign eight.oldpropeight.oldprop numbersignnumbersign nine.oldpropnine.oldprop numbersignEuro.proportional zero.oldpropzero.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional one.oldpropone.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional two.oldproptwo.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional three.oldpropthree.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional four.oldpropfour.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional five.oldpropfive.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional six.oldpropsix.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional seven.oldpropseven.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional eight.oldpropeight.oldprop Euro.proportionalEuro.proportional nine.oldpropnine.oldprop Euro.proportionalyen.proportional zero.oldpropyen.proportional one.oldpropyen.proportional two.oldpropyen.proportional three.oldpropyen.proportional four.oldpropyen.proportional five.oldpropyen.proportional six.oldpropyen.proportional seven.oldpropyen.proportional eight.oldpropyen.proportional nine.oldpropflorin.proportional zero.oldpropflorin.proportional one.oldpropflorin.proportional two.oldpropflorin.proportional three.oldpropflorin.proportional four.oldpropflorin.proportional five.oldpropflorin.proportional six.oldpropflorin.proportional seven.oldpropflorin.proportional eight.oldpropflorin.proportional nine.oldpropdollar.proportional zero.oldpropdollar.proportional one.oldpropdollar.proportional two.oldpropdollar.proportional three.oldpropdollar.proportional four.oldpropdollar.proportional five.oldpropdollar.proportional six.oldpropdollar.proportional seven.oldpropdollar.proportional eight.oldpropdollar.proportional nine.oldpropsterling.altprop zero.oldpropsterling.altprop one.oldpropsterling.altprop two.oldpropsterling.altprop three.oldpropsterling.altprop four.oldpropsterling.altprop five.oldpropsterling.altprop six.oldpropsterling.altprop seven.oldpropsterling.altprop eight.oldpropsterling.altprop nine.oldpropsterling.proportional zero.oldpropsterling.proportional one.oldpropsterling.proportional two.oldpropsterling.proportional three.oldpropsterling.proportional four.oldpropsterling.proportional five.oldpropsterling.proportional six.oldpropsterling.proportional seven.oldpropsterling.proportional eight.oldpropsterling.proportional nine.oldpropzero.oldprop percentzero.oldprop cent.proportionalone.oldprop percentone.oldprop cent.proportionaltwo.oldprop percenttwo.oldprop cent.proportionalthree.oldprop percentthree.oldprop cent.proportionalfour.oldprop percentfour.oldprop cent.proportionalfive.oldprop percentfive.oldprop cent.proportionalsix.oldprop percentsix.oldprop cent.proportionalseven.oldprop percentseven.oldprop cent.proportionaleight.oldprop percenteight.oldprop cent.proportionalnine.oldprop percentnine.oldprop cent.proportional
zero.oldprop ordfeminine
zero.oldprop ordmasculine
one.oldprop ordfeminine
one.oldprop ordmasculine
two.oldprop ordfeminine
two.oldprop ordmasculine
three.oldprop ordfeminine
three.oldprop ordmasculine
four.oldprop ordfeminine
four.oldprop ordmasculine
five.oldprop ordfeminine
five.oldprop ordmasculine
six.oldprop ordfeminine
six.oldprop ordmasculine
seven.oldprop ordfeminine
seven.oldprop ordmasculine
eight.oldprop ordfeminine
eight.oldprop ordmasculine
nine.oldprop ordfeminine
nine.oldprop ordmasculine