#KPL:P: numLin UCpunct
endash.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc one.linprop
one.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc two.linprop
two.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc three.linprop
three.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc four.linprop
four.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc five.linprop
five.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc six.linprop
six.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop endash.uc
endash.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop endash.uc
parenleft.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc one.linprop
one.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc two.linprop
two.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc three.linprop
three.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc four.linprop
four.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc five.linprop
five.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc six.linprop
six.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop parenright.uc
parenleft.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop parenright.uc
braceleft.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc one.linprop
one.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc two.linprop
two.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc three.linprop
three.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc four.linprop
four.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc five.linprop
five.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc six.linprop
six.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop braceright.uc
braceleft.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop braceright.uc
guilsinglleft.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc one.linprop
one.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc one.linprop
one.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc two.linprop
two.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc two.linprop
two.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc three.linprop
three.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc three.linprop
three.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc four.linprop
four.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc four.linprop
four.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc five.linprop
five.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc five.linprop
five.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc six.linprop
six.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc six.linprop
six.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
guilsinglleft.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop guilsinglright.uc
guilsinglright.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop guilsinglleft.uc
at.uc zero.linprop
zero.linprop at.uc
at.uc one.linprop
one.linprop at.uc
at.uc two.linprop
two.linprop at.uc
at.uc three.linprop
three.linprop at.uc
at.uc four.linprop
four.linprop at.uc
at.uc five.linprop
five.linprop at.uc
at.uc six.linprop
six.linprop at.uc
at.uc seven.linprop
seven.linprop at.uc
at.uc eight.linprop
eight.linprop at.uc
at.uc nine.linprop
nine.linprop at.uc
exclamdown.uc zero.linprop
exclamdown.uc one.linprop
exclamdown.uc two.linprop
exclamdown.uc three.linprop
exclamdown.uc four.linprop
exclamdown.uc five.linprop
exclamdown.uc six.linprop
exclamdown.uc seven.linprop
exclamdown.uc eight.linprop
exclamdown.uc nine.linprop
questiondown.uc zero.linprop
questiondown.uc one.linprop
questiondown.uc two.linprop
questiondown.uc three.linprop
questiondown.uc four.linprop
questiondown.uc five.linprop
questiondown.uc six.linprop
questiondown.uc seven.linprop
questiondown.uc eight.linprop
questiondown.uc nine.linprop
plus.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin one.linprop
one.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin two.linprop
two.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin three.linprop
three.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin four.linprop
four.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin five.linprop
five.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin six.linprop
six.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop plus.lin
plus.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop plus.lin
less.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop less.lin
less.lin one.linprop
one.linprop less.lin
less.lin two.linprop
two.linprop less.lin
less.lin three.linprop
three.linprop less.lin
less.lin four.linprop
four.linprop less.lin
less.lin five.linprop
five.linprop less.lin
less.lin six.linprop
six.linprop less.lin
less.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop less.lin
less.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop less.lin
less.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop less.lin
equal.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin one.linprop
one.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin two.linprop
two.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin three.linprop
three.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin four.linprop
four.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin five.linprop
five.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin six.linprop
six.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop equal.lin
equal.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop equal.lin
greater.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin one.linprop
one.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin two.linprop
two.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin three.linprop
three.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin four.linprop
four.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin five.linprop
five.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin six.linprop
six.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop greater.lin
greater.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop greater.lin
multiply.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin one.linprop
one.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin two.linprop
two.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin three.linprop
three.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin four.linprop
four.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin five.linprop
five.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin six.linprop
six.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop multiply.lin
multiply.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop multiply.lin
divide.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin one.linprop
one.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin two.linprop
two.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin three.linprop
three.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin four.linprop
four.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin five.linprop
five.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin six.linprop
six.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop divide.lin
divide.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop divide.lin
minus.lin zero.linprop
zero.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin one.linprop
one.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin two.linprop
two.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin three.linprop
three.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin four.linprop
four.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin five.linprop
five.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin six.linprop
six.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin seven.linprop
seven.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin eight.linprop
eight.linprop minus.lin
minus.lin nine.linprop
nine.linprop minus.lin